Now when you think about a guy like Deontay wilder who's got this wild style and
tries to knock you out with every,
with every punch,
are you doing anything different without giving away your strategy coming into
this fight?
Are you doing anything different in terms of your preparation or in terms of the
way you shadow box or move or train?
Not really,
no.
Um,
how can I explain this without sounding like a clown
or trying your best?
Don't tie Wilda as a one trick pony.
I don't need to do anything special to beat him.
I just need to vent me.
Self jump tie wild is looking for one right hand all night.
It's a good trick though.
I said gold trick,
but we all know what happens when not trick.
Don't lumped.
Yeah,
you've lost [inaudible] you need mall.
The one punch to beat me.
You need to be able to set it up with footwork,
spade,
faints movement and he doesn't have any of that.
If the Great Klitschko I'd excellent footwork and ability to set that big punch
up.
Couldn't do it.
What chance as the big swing,
a golf day when it,
if I get hit by a swinging right,
Tom does a survey of knocking out,
it's my fault.
I want it to knock me out.
If I let wild swing one of those wild punches from the back of the hall and hit
me and knocked me out,
then I'll say thank you very much.
You put me out of my misery.
God bless you wilder because obviously I can't be a great fight and I think I
am.
If I'm getting knocked out by swinging punches,
it's just not possible.
I don't take big shots anymore.
Years ago from before pre 2013 I used to take everything buying in the face.
We'll try and walk through and use my share strength,
size and aggression at heart and determination to get through every event.
But as I stepped up in levels and realized that wasn't going to get me anywhere
but a good idea and a good punching in the face.
So I changed the style to box in and move in,
slipping and sliding.
And people have never seen me take any big shots because I'll just ride him.
Bill and Mohammed Ali used to do is take the shots on the gloves,
go with it.
Slim slide roll.
Even as powerful as George form on walls.
He was the heavy favorite go and he knocked out Frazier and Frazier beat early
and he had great fights over 15 rounds.
It didn't help him in that fight because he used his greatest asset against him.
And if I can use Deontay wilds own power against him,
then I've worn.
He's looking for one punch.
I am not.
So there we go.
I don't believe if he can't learn upon,
she's lost every round.
Even he's a promoter.
Lou Dibella said recently,
he said,
if he doesn't knock Tyson down or knock him out,
I don't see how we can win.